[exporter/bmchelix] New component: BMC Helix Exporter (#36964)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: exporter/bmchelixexporter/README.md

  - `enabled` (default = true): If enabled is true, all the resource attributes will be converted to metric labels by default.

Example:

```yaml
exporters:
  bmchelix/helix2:
    endpoint: https://company.onbmc.com
    api_key: <api-key>
    timeout: 20s
    retry_on_failure:
      enabled: true
      initial_interval: 5s
      max_interval: 1m
      max_elapsed_time: 8m
    resource_to_telemetry_conversion:
      enabled: true
```

### Resource to Telemetry Conversion

To ensure resource attributes (e.g., `host.name`) are available for all metrics, keep `resource_to_telemetry_conversion` enabled by default. Disabling it will remove resource attributes from metrics unless explicitly configured.

---

## Setting Required Attributes for Metrics

To ensure metrics are correctly populated in BMC Helix, the following attributes must be set:  

- `entityName`: Unique identifier for the entity. Used as display name if `instanceName` is missing.
- `entityTypeId`: Type identifier for the entity.
- `instanceName`: Display name of the entity.

> > **Note:** If `entityName` or `entityTypeId` is missing, the metric will not be populated.

Author: `are present, ...`

> > **Note:** If `entityName` or `entityTypeId` is missing, the metric will not be populated.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If `entityName` or `entityTypeId` is missing, the metric will not be exported.

To ensure the necessary attributes are present, it is recommended to leverage the [transform processor](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/processor/transformprocessor) with [OTTL](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/pkg/ottl), and include it in the configuration of the telemetry pipeline.

The minimal pipeline most often looks like: `OTEL metrics --> (batch/memory limit) --> transform processor --> bmchelix exporter`.
```
